{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c84706\cname labelColor;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 READ THIS WHOLE MESSAGE BEFORE USING THIS TOOL--its not long\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 This is an EARLY ALPHA version of Network Mom ACL Analyzer.  Use at your own risk!  Do not base your security on the (still in development) ACL analysis this tool provides.\
\
PLEASE send feedback, including ACL samples this analyzer has difficulty with, to feedback@networkmom.net\
\
The only thing we promise is that Network Mom ACL Analyzer does not save your data and does not send your data anywhere.  This is enforced by Apple's "App Sandbox" feature.  Specifically:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	1.	}App Sandbox is enabled\
{\listtext	2.	}Outbound network connections are not enabled\
{\listtext	3.	}Inbound network connections are not enabled\
{\listtext	4.	}The only "file access" is user-selected-file read-only access\
{\listtext	5.	}Any version of this app we place on networkmom.net is notarized by Apple\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
This version will expire in August 2019.  For updated versions, go to https://networkmom.net/acl or (eventually) search on "Network Mom ACL Analyzer" in the MacOS App Store (requires MacOS 10.14 Mojave or later).\
\
Network Mom ACL Analyzer is written by Darrell Root and published by Network Mom LLC\
\
Known limitations as of 17 June 2019\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	1.	}Only supports IPv4 ACLs\
{\listtext	2.	}Only supports extended ACLs, not standard ACLs\
{\listtext	3.	}Only supports analysis of TCP and UDP sockets\
{\listtext	4.	}Does not support object-groups\
{\listtext	5.	}Does not support DNS lookup of hostnames in ACLs (this is a required side-effect of not allowing outbound network connections, we do not expect this to change in future publicly released versions)\
{\listtext	6.	}Does not support IOS-XR ACL syntax (we appreciate samples)\
\pard\tx560\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Other notes:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	1.	}This tool attempts to determine whether the ACL is don't care bit (IOS) or netmask (ASA), and reports errors when inconsistencies are detected.\
{\listtext	2.	}ACLs using names for ports (such as "eq ssh") are very IOS version dependent.  An ACL line may be accepted by this tool but not accepted by a network device (or vice versa).\
{\listtext	3.	}Only put statements from one ACL in the input windows at a time (of course an ACL can have thousands of lines...just don't put two ACLs in one input window).\
{\listtext	4.	}Make certain to look at errors in the ACL Validation output.  A single line could permit all traffic but fail to be parsed by the validator.  If the validator does not parse the line, the socket analyzer does not consider the line.\
\pard\tx560\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}